Add DistanceSensors of type sonar (#121)
RoboCupJuniorTC/rcj-soccer-sim: docs/docs/how_to_robot.md

In `rcj_soccer_robot.py` you can find `get_compass_heading()`, which demonstrates
how to work with compass sensor.

#### Sonars

There are four **sonars** mounted on the robot (each side having one). Since the
exact position of the robot may be retrieved from GPS, these sensors are useful

> for detecting opponent's robots. For more information check

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for detecting the opponent's robots. For more information check
```

[official distance sensor documentation](https://cyberbotics.com/doc/reference/distancesensor).

> Note that we set up some error into the measurements. When the robot is next to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Note that you may encounter some error in measurements. When the robot is next to an
```

obstacle, the value returned is 0 with error of 0%. On the other hand, when the
sesnsor does not see anything, the value returned is 1000 with error of 5%.
The values and errors in between are linearly interpolated.

> In `rcj_soccer_robot.py` you can find `get_sonar_values()`, which demonstrates

Reviewer: ```suggestion

In `rcj_soccer_robot.py` you can find `get_sonar_values()`, which demonstrates
```

how to work with sonar sensors.

> For debugging purposes you may find it useful to turn on rendering rays of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For debugging purposes, you may find it useful to turn on rendering rays of
```
